// React is all about making components. And then taking those components and making more components out of those.

// There are two types of components, function components and class components. This is a function component.
// A function component must return markup (which is what React.createElement generates.)
// These component render functions have to be fast. This function is going to be called a lot. It's a hot code path.
// Inside of the render function, you cannot modify any sort of state. Put in functional terms, this function must be pure.
// You don't know how or when the function will be called so it can't modify any ambient state.

// Code Quality - It's important to keep quality high when writing code. 
    Or at least that's how I sell ESLint and Prettier to my co-workers. In reality I'm super lazy and want the machine to do 
    as much work as possible so I can focus more on architecture and problem-solving and less on syntax and style. 
    While there are many tools that can help you keep code quality high, these two I consider core to my workflow.

// Prettier is an amazing tool from the brain of James Long.Prettier is a really fancy pretty printer.
    It takes the code you write, breaks it down in to an abstract syntax tree (AST) which is just a representation of your code. 
    It then takes that AST, throws away all of your code style you made and prints it back out using a predefined style.
    (npm install -D prettier@2.7.1 -D). Put the following into your package.json.["scripts": {
    "format": "prettier --write \"src/**/*.{js,jsx}\""},]

// ESLint - ESLint is a static code analysis tool that checks your JavaScript code for common problems, 
            such as syntax errors, formatting issues, code style violations, and potential bugs.

//  create a .gitignore at the root of your project to ignore the stuff we don't want to commit.
    This will make it so these things won't get added to our repo.
// Hooks are a new feature addition in React version 16.8 which allows you to use React features without having to write a class.
    Previously you could use state only within class components but with hooks now it is possible to use state without writing a class.
    Hooks don't work inside classes.

//useEffect - useEffect is a built-in hook in React that allows you to perform side effects in functional components. 
 Side effects can include data fetching, subscriptions, or manually interacting with the DOM. 
 useEffect takes a function as its first argument and executes it after the component has rendered. 
 It also allows you to specify dependencies, which determine when the effect should be re-run.

// Custom Hooks - Creating custom hooks will be similar to writing regular JavaScript functions. 
 You will probably get a grasp on it quickly. It will be even faster if you know how to use hooks such 
 as useState and useEffect because you are likely to use these hooks in your custom hooks. But before we get into that, 
 there are some rules to learn. React custom hooks are JavaScript functions. This means few things. First, when you create a 
 custom hook you are writing a function. Second, function name should start with "use". Remember, this is a good rule of 
 thumb for creating custom hooks. Third, you can use other React hooks inside your custom hooks.
 These are the things to remember.

// Strict Mode - One thing that StrictMode does with React 18 is run twice the initialization functions of your apps to 
 check to see if they are indeed truly stateless. While in theory this is a good thing to assure, it's wasteful to ongoing 
 continually do as it will double invoke your APIs while you're in development which is not something we want do now.

// BrowserRouter - BrowserRouter is a router implementation that uses the HTML5 history API(pushState,
 replaceState, and the popstate event) to keep your UI in sync with the URL. It is the parent component that is used to 
 store all of the other components

 Routes -  It’s a new component introduced in the v6 and an upgrade of the component. The main advantages of Routes over Switch is:
    Routes are chosen based on the best match instead of being traversed in order.
 Route - Route is the conditionally shown component that renders some UI when its path matches the current URL.
 Link - The link component is used to create links to different routes and implement navigation around the application. It works like an HTML anchor tag.

// React-Query - The idea behind React is that you want to cache most of what you fetch from a database. If you fetch the
 details of pet ID 1, you generally do not want to fetch it again if a user revisits that page: you'd like to cache it. 
 This is what react-query is going to do for you: it's a built in caching layer for these async data stores that works really
 well within the constraints of React. First thing, we need to wrap our app in a query client.This will wrap our app with the
 provider necessary to power react-query. We have to give it cache and stale times so that it will actually use its caching
 layer. Otherwise it'll fetch each time.

// Query - A query is a declarative dependency on an asynchronous source of data that is tied to a unique key.
 A query can be used with any Promise based method (including GET and POST methods) to fetch data from a server.
 The unique key you provide is used internally for refetching, caching, and sharing your queries throughout your application.
 The query result returned by useQuery contains all of the information about the query that you'll need for templating and any other usage of the data.
        => const result = useQuery({ queryKey: ['todos'], queryFn: fetchTodoList })
